hey folks this is Kalani we got a few
data mined items to look at and I'm
actually pretty surprised these didn't
make it in with the Halloween update
these currently are not available
anywhere in the gem store even though I
sort of expected them to be I mean they
might come in with the Mad King saves
update but that'd be I don't know if I
was gonna put these in I'd put these in
at the same time as the costumes if they
were comin in at the same time who knows
they may come in with with the next
update with all the the tower stuff and
the crate stuff that could be that could
be where these are coming from but you
can see they're not available currently
in the gemstone but well we have some
paper bag helm skins which are actually
really really cute now we've got several
varieties we got blush which is this one
we've got happy very cheeky grin we've
got ourselves happy again double happy
but he looks a little sad it says happy
odd interesting guessing that's a typo
so maybe these aren't quite ready to
come out just yet and we've also got
angry which is pretty cool keen imagine
just running around with this on your
head in lionsearch people would freak
out so we've got the paper by count once
again blush happy but I assume is going
to be sad a little teardrop and then
angry that makes me just want to go
carve a pumpkin we've also got a new
piece of town clothing now this seems to
be a sat and it's a school uniform now
as you can see very smart school
uniforming it consists of a chest legs
and boots or feet now if we get rid of
the feet well that doesn't help but
wanted to see just how big they were
going to be
but all seems to fit very nicely
together and is very actually very smart
that's pretty cool
so anybody wanting to dress up I guess
anybody wanting to roleplay some good
old school school uniform I don't know
that could go a few ways let's let's
let's keep it let's keep it maybe a
student and not explore the other other
uses of a school uniform but once again
these are data mines not entirely sure
where these are coming from or when
we'll get them actually which is kind of
interesting but it's quite nice it's
quite nice quite a lot of intricate
detail on the uniform which annoys me a
little bit considering I don't know I'm
happy that effort is going into the town
close but I'd still love more armor
skins in PvE I'd and guess PvP just more
armor skins to choose from but at least
town clothes are getting some that's
something that's something so I'll put
the in-game chat links now on I'll put
those in the description below so you
can check them out yourself on your own
characters stay tuned for them we never
know when they will hit so thanks for
watching folks you're looking at fun and
as always I'll see you next time
you